Update index.md file to add an example format for private repositories (#43)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-terraform: docs/index.md

- `github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws//**/*.tf?ref=fix_7677` matches all Terraform configuration files in the specific tag of a repository.
- `github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws//aws-test/tests/aws_acm_certificate//*.tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in the specified folder path.

For private repositories the format should be as below:

> - `git::ssh://git@github.com/test_org/test_repo//*.tf`

Reviewer: @cbruno10 We had not tested this particular format, but we tested downloading the files from the private repositories during the implementation. For  example:
I have a private repository: `github.com/turbotio/ted`

Using the `paths` as below:
```
github.com/turbotio/ted///
```
I am able to download all the files in that repository.

> - `git::ssh://git@github.com/test_org/test_repo//*.tf`

Reviewer 2: @bigdatasourav Were you able to get files from a private repository you have access to using the format in the current docs, like @Subhajit97 had mentioned above?

> - `git::ssh://git@github.com/test_org/test_repo//*.tf`

Author: @cbruno10 I am not able to access the private repo with the above format - 
-- paths = [ "github.com/bigdatasourav/test2///"]  // not working, query was running for an indefinite period, had to force close it.

-- paths = [ "git::ssh://git@github.com/bigdatasourav/test2///"] // working fine

-- paths = [ "git@github.com/bigdatasourav/test2///"] // err - failed to get directory specified by the source

> - `git::ssh://git@github.com/test_org/test_repo//*.tf`

Reviewer 2: Issues seemed to be due to VS Code storing git credentials, will suggest new doc text in a review

> If the above specified format does not work please try the below format:
> 
> - `git::ssh://git@github.com/test_org/test_repo//*.tf`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the example formats above don't work for private repositories, this could be due to git credentials being stored by another tool, e.g., VS Code. An alternative format you can try is:

- `git::ssh://git@github.com/test_org/test_repo//*.tf`
```

Author: updated

      "Principal": {
        "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/YOUR_USER"
      },

>       "Action": ["s3:ListBucket", "s3:GetObject", "s3:GetObjectVersion"],

Reviewer 2: Why was this changed? I'd prefer to leave it the same (especially if other index docs use the current format)

Author: Due to my VS code setup, it got updated automatically after I saved the file. Reverted back.
